---
geometry:
- top=30mm
- left=25mm
- bottom=25mm
- heightrounded
output: pdf_document
---

# Minutes: SSA QLD Branch Council 03 Sep 2019

### Attendees: Miranda, Carmen, Laura, Megan, Lee, Adrian, Peter

### Apologies: Dimitrios, Jeeva, Mingzhu

Meeting commenced at 4:15pm

## Previous minutes

Accepted unanimously (Proposed: Miranda, Seconded: Peter)

## Reports

President: Miranda noted that she attended  Central Council meeting since last meeting. Darwin seemed the most likely city for as it was a popular choice for next ASC2022 conference. Combining Meetup accounts is under investigation but Adrian noted that tricky to combine accounts even though each can have 3 separate meetups. Miranda discussed new Branch banner and most agreed it would be good to have one graphic and contact details like QR Code WWW, Twitter etc. Adrian said that likely it could be financed by Central SSA.

Treasurer: Laura reported that handover is proceeding. Last thing to do is changing signatories on forms. This will be finalised soon.

Secretary: Dimitrios is sick and sent apology.

Web: Adrian noted that new SSA web site and ANZSTAT replacement is going smoothly.

Newsletter: Jeeva is overseas and sent apology.

Upcoming Meetings: 

* October: 1 Oct (probably at UQ). Meta-analysis. Speaker from Bond Uni
* November: About the census at ABS (Brisbane)
* December: 3rd Dec, a social event. Need planning (Joint with
  Biosats Jaimi Greenslade, j.greenslade@psy.uq.edu.au)
* Young Stats: YS 2019 Conference: We have two applicants for reimbursement for Conference Registration to SSAQLD Branch. Miranda will send applications and Branch Council will decide successful applicants via email.
* ANZSC 2020 conference: Discussions re scholarships, support etc postponed until next Branch meeting

## Any Other Business

Adrian suggested Branch should put meeting notices, minutes etc on github.com for collaboration. Peter has put minutes and agendas at https://github.com/petebaker/ssaqld_branch_council/. Please sign up to github and let Peter know your github username on github or via email to p.baker1@uq.edu.au. Note that you still need to accept the invite once I add you.

Meeting closed at 4:50pm

Peter Baker    
3  September 2019

Note: PDF produced with `Pandoc` (`pandoc in.md -o out.pdf`)
